most Ebola Putumayo encabado epilogue
Mahalo Keenan Pilipinas the Philippine
Navy just acquired its newest and most
modern warship from the United States
and yesterday Pinoy cielos proudly
boarded the country's flagship ready to
defend the Philippines and its
territories a unique mission PO number
cojito epic Pangolin Filipinas sub
Antonin China Spratly Islands cally
Espinoza has this story
95 jalapeno sailors proudly boarded the
Philippines newest and biggest warship
but corn and Republican Pilipinas
Gregorio del Pilar at the US Coast Guard
in Alameda California yesterday
in a send-off ceremony attended by
Filipino American leaders the Philippine
Navy concluded there five months say in
the u.s. mr. young Filipinos madame
pamita home are miles away more than
missing home these Navy men are excited
to bring this ship to the Philippines
which they think has the capacity to
defend and protect the Philippine seas
and its territories we this is more than
symbolic in a sense that we are now
transitioning from the kind of Navy that
we had before not so much and one of the
people but the capability that we have
the former Hamilton class US Coast Guard
Cutter was acquired by the Philippines
from the US under the US success Defense
Act last May for more than ten million
dollars
this ship has five floors and boasts of
helicopter flight deck and a retractable
hanger Malacca Young says the 3,000 ton
BRP Grigory del Pilar will patrol the
West Philippine Sea close to the
disputed Spratly Islands in a very
scenario
what they don't know about the USP noise
for good governance has held protests
against the Chinese government's
activities in the Spratly Islands a
Philippine territory
these Fela leaders say they're confident
the new warship would be able to defend
the Philippines should tensions there
increase it will be a good ship to save
the Philippines from Bradley Islands
issue the BSP Gregorio del Pilar is a
multi-function vessel it performs a
number of functions not only for defense
of our territory but it also allows us
to protect our maritime domain following
the acquisition of BRP Gregorio del
Pilar officials say the Philippines
plans to acquire two more ships from the
US as part of president Latinos
commitment to upgrade the equipment of
the country's armed forces it will take
another month or so for the BRP to go to
he lard to return to the Philippines and
for its 95 sailors the mission is not
just to bring the country's flagship to
the Philippines but with it serve and
protect the country to the best of their
ability
penny Espinosa abs-cbn News Alameda
California